e2label: add page (#3630)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/e2label.md

# e2label

> Change the label on an ext2/ext3/ext4 filesystem.

> - Change the volume label on the ext2/ext3/ext4 filesystem:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Change the volume label on a specific partition:
```

Reviewer 2: I would still change this to "a specific ext partition" or perhaps "a specific ext-type partition".

Author: @zdroid done.

> `e2label {{/dev/sda1}} {{"my-label"}}`

Reviewer 3: What do you think about changing it my-label to label_name ? That matches with the other token names that we have.

Author: Done.
